hey people i have one for you today
make up and hair tutorial
it starts again this party
season christmas christmas party
New Year's Eve complete and I thought so
that I'm such a victoria for you
would like to do secret inspired look
I have the hair old and the whole
have victoria's secret models theme
try to get loose to his to this
beautiful soft waves and a
major which I like very much so one
Kindly know your colors red
but very much yes, I think so
just a lot of fun with the video going on
she gives the make up and I'm one
very light glory foundation the me
the fingers but only a little on pots
and then only where I apply
so to speak problems have on the
I always have a few small ones
pimples here in front for the audio
shadow now an extra helping
concealer so that too put away
are
and when not yet reflect that
but to save the powder again from the
fondation and all the lyrics
to shine more radiant
I keep my eyes relatively simple
use two colors once a beautiful one
warm champagne cream tone and then
another eggplant I think so
Eggplant happens very nicely in the
autumn winter and suits many
skin types 100 first the shimmer toni
speech but this beautiful kümmerling on
the song comes to open the view
Also here in this angle the
color beauty top down big
fluffy pense now in eggplant tone
in the eyelet give to come up
downward
your mirror and I do so one
combination of light winds in
circling movements so that you
not the puff and he does but already
Nice one works so reddish
eyeshadows should definitely be on
combine with an eyeliner and to do so
I take now to the brush and a
brother eyeshadow just wear it
could also take liquid nylander
but I like the brothers a bit
deeper because then
a natural one so deluded
and quite a lot
Mascara's eyebrows will last honey
even with a pen just so small
striche lay movements in the
eyebrows and now I want to
a little bit of color back to the face
because we're honest right now
Just like a ghost, it just shows me and me
start small at first with a bit
kettering bronze
below my bones to give that
to compete
and a pink blush number
nice the color back to the weight I
I do not use a browser now
such a victoria secrets look
bronze place in all cases
and why used in winter shows
the industry but my basic skin color
is currently so bright that's just
of course that would mean today
Although there is a pale face autumn
variant and then another circuit
little pink is on the lips
on we go with the hard I have it
me here on average seemed made because
second most victoria secret
So mid-peaks have a slight
side vertex and around the whole now
easier to do because we try
us today at this wonderful great
perfect waves which was mine
turn away side and here the top
Just play with it
makes it a bit easier because I have so
Many hair and body longer is
Start by blowing it through again
really no knots are in there
Hair is completely dry, too
if you have your hair login this is one
then be bit over wet then game over
they will go out again and
In addition, for the hold now takes
even cases that is the
at the same time that has to protect
you can become both in a year
Protects and the curls hold better
and in lotte we did not die using that
is the deepest
it 's a relatively big one and I put it
now the hair around
so and then the brace on it
press a little to one approach
and just let it clip then
and I give the people in there
my hand and runs first so
bit cool and the reason to go in
something bigger curling iron is that me
just nice big voluminous waves
want to have and no defined
lure it there is always important how
her hair on bell city brings
if the hairs know so 1 turns while
your on the curling iron then do
Do you get it so tight?
and if you are trying it relatively smooth
or curler to get gets her
he nice waves of that exactly
I try now wisps again
I take all in one
direction then all back then
connect them then have the same
Better to read the novels if you want more
volume then you want the synonymous
further back to the back at the
front strands now makes that way
I do not use the brace the hair
only very loosely wrapped around the bar gentleman
because the facial parts I want
just have a bit of janosa so
that they do not bring so strong
but that they are simply one
nice light balls have that
face played well and now need
we still have a lot of hairspray
we now have our rest bells
So, so to speak, the form is there but you
also look very made and
I use a soft one
Hair brush could do it too
make a fuss
That's how it became for me
everything comes together at the lump
Of course, step out a bit and
if you want to have an angel and
there small then us just small
curling iron I make this print like it
Now, of course, looks like
and you have to move in the hair when I have it
now too flat is so combed out then
I always do that so I'm single
just take it easy again
from the baker and then just around
put the curling iron around again
house just here claim the area
that that fits nicely so if you want
can you in upper computer a bit
to copy but I really like that
that it said a bit platter above
is in holders below
this volume comes and finished forest
tutorial you still can
feedback leave some in the form of
We can do reviews or comments
like to write this so liked
if it would be like this for them
yes I hope you liked the video
and we are grateful to xperia deep